docs: add debugging vars to env var doc (#26743)
electron/electron: docs/api/environment-variables.md

Prints Chrome's internal logging to the console.

### `ELECTRON_DEBUG_DRAG_REGIONS`

> Adds coloration to draggable regions on `BrowserViews` on macOS - draggable regions will be colored

Reviewer: Likewise, should we link the `BrowserView` docs page here?

```suggestion
Adds coloration to draggable regions on [`BrowserView`](./browser-view.md)s on macOS - draggable regions will be colored
```

green and non-draggable regions will be colored green to aid debugging.

### `ELECTRON_DEBUG_NOTIFICATIONS`

> Adds extra debugging logs to Notification lifecycles on macOS to aid in debugging.

Reviewer: Question: is this specifically for the main process `Notification` module? Should we add backticks and link the docs?
```suggestion
Adds extra debugging logs to [`Notification`](./notification.md) lifecycles on macOS to aid in debugging.
```

Reviewer 2: It would be useful to note what kinds of logs this can produce and what to expect from this variable!
